You're going to survive.
Hey? You hear me?
You're going to be fine.
My leg. It really hurts.
Yeah. I bet it does.
But listen. I mean it.
Everything is gonna be A-okay.
[shivering] Oh. my God. I'm so cold.
Yeah. well. I'm sure you are.
I'm getting a little chilly myself.
You've been out here
a lot longer than I have.
Your heart rate's beating double time.
Jessica. Your name is Jessica. right?
- Uh. Jesse.
- Jesse!
That's a good name.
I'm Colter. by the way.
- Hi.
Well. Jesse. what I think
we're dealing with here.
is a good-old-fashioned case
of mild hypothermia.
I actually had a friend named Jesse
when I was a kid.
He was a boy Jesse though.
not a girl Jesse.
Plus. he was a goat.
- [chuckles] A goat?
- Yeah.
I had kind of a...
kind of a weird childhood.
[Colter grunts]
- [sobbing] Oh. my God!
- Okay.
No. no. no. no.
Hey. hey. don't look at your leg.
Look at me. Look at me. Okay?
What I need you to do right now.
is not panic.
The one thing my dad taught me
besides how to track
animals and people.
which is how I found you. by the way.
was how to survive.
- [whimpering]
- And how you survive
is A. you make quick. smart decisions.
and B. you remain calm.
You never let panic
take the wheel. Never.
You don't look at your leg. okay?
You look at me.
You close your eyes. if you need to.
Do you need to?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Can we just stay here?
Stay here?
Yeah. I mean.
I guess we could stay here.
We could wait for
a rescue team to come
and airlift you out of here
on a stretcher.
- Careful. Careful. Right.
- [gasps and sobs]
This little excursion
you went on. Jesse.
It's a little off the beaten path.
you know what I mean?
So I think we're talking maybe
five hours. four. best-case scenario.
Meanwhile. that mild hypothermia
becomes less and less mild.
So. if we stay. I put your odds
of survival. leg intact.
at 15 to 20%.
- [sobbing]
- But. Jesse. hey.
But you let me stabilize your injury
and carefully carry you out of here.
those odds for you and your leg.
they go way up.
- They do?
- They do. I'm talking 90-95%.
- I'm gonna scoop you up. okay?
- Okay.
- All right. Here we go.
- Okay. Thank you.
You're gonna survive.
You're gonna be A-okay.
- I'm going to survive.
- Let's get you home! Come on.
Okay.
[indistinct chatter]
- I told her. you know. It's too risky.
- [siren wailing]
I told her. you're not ready
for a multi-day hike.
I said. there aren't enough
resupply points.
- But Jesse. you know. she's...
- Badass.
She's a brave badass
who wandered a little off course.
Happens to the best of us.
- Well. I don't know how to repay you.
- Just the reward money is fine.
I believe it was 50 grand?
Right. Yeah. No. of course. man.
Cash is always welcome.
I also take checks.
Venmo. if that's easier.
No. it's just I gotta check in
with Jesse's parents.
The reward was my idea.
but they said they'd cover it.
if. you know. when someone collected.
Well. as we discussed. Derek.
a reward becomes a binding contract
- at the moment of success. so...
- Mmm-hmm.
Jesse's parents. you say?
- Well. let's give them a call.
Hey. that was a quick one.
Sometimes the gods are with us. Velma.
How are things in Denver?
- You collect. or what?
- Yes. Teddi. I collected.
Cash?
Uh... Visa.
What'd I tell you on the credit cards?
We get killed on fees.
Hon. could you give him a break?
He did just save a girl's life.
I know. Very proud. Et cetera. Visa.
Avert your eyes. ladies.
[both] Please.
I'm putting aside a grand
of this haul for maintenance.
We're coming up on 10.000 miles
since you took that truck in.
- The truck's running great. Teddi.
- Yeah.
'Cause I make you take
the damn thing in.
No. Absolutely not.
- I told you we cannot...
- She's a rescue. Her name is Pawla.
- Like PAW-La? Get it?
- We don't need another dog.
- That's too many dogs.
- Colter.
Is there such a thing
as too many dogs?
Ladies. you got a new job. or what?
- I'm working on it.
- Okay.
[Velma] Hey. Colter.
Someone called for you.
It wasn't for a job.
He said it was an old friend from...
- Wait. what was that?
- Devil's Notch.
[Velma] Devil's Notch. That's it.
[Teddi] Yeah.
[Velma] You want his number?
It is 682-555...
- Called you?
- [Velma] Yeah.
He said he was trying you.
but you weren't answering.
Did you tell him how to find me?
Come on. Colter.
You know me better than that.
If he calls again. ignore it.
Well. someone's in a mood.
[cell phone vibrating]
- Hello?
- [Teddi] You got a pen?
Twenty thousand offered for
information leading to the safe return
of Gilbert Brown. age 14.
Believed to be in the company of
a noncustodial parent. Edward Brown.
Subject last seen Friday morning.
outside the family home.
in Klamath Falls. Oregon.
Reward offered by the mother
and stepfather.
Sarah and Mark Riley.
[Mark] Look. no offense. It's just...
You've gotten a lot of calls
about the reward.
Yeah. One guy said Gil's back
on his home planet.
Let me guess.
- He still wanted the money.
- Yeah.
- [scoffs]
- That's not my deal.
I'm a professional.
This is how I make my living.
I earn rewards that are posted
by police or by citizens.
It's sort of an unusual job.
though. isn't it?
I find it to be steady work. sir.
Everyone's looking for something.
Sounds cool.
It is cool. actually. Very cool.
So I take no fees. no expenses.
and a reward becomes
a binding contract only in success.
Sound good?
Okay.
You say
Gil's with his birth father. right?
Yeah. But Eddie isn't part
of Gil's life anymore.
We split when Gil was five
and we haven't had any contact
with him since.
- None?
- Yeah. right. Zero.
Zero.
- Gil ever ask about him?
- Yeah. sure he does.
But we tell him the truth.
We don't know where Eddie is
or what he's doing.
Yeah. His lifestyle is not something
that Gil needs to be exposed to.
To be clear. I wasn't married
to a murderer or something.
It was just a lot of drugs.
Petty theft.
- You know JUUL? The vapes?
- Mmm.
Eddie did six months
for robbing a JUUL store.
That kinda thing.
If you're not in contact.
how do we know he's with Eddie now?
Gil and his stepbrother share a room.
Yeah. He left crazy early Friday
on his bike.
I heard him wake up. so I was like.
you know. "Where are you going?"
He said he'd see me at school
and that he was
meeting his father for breakfast.
His... His real father.
Gil's always had this crazy idea
about his real father.
I have tried to be
a good father to him.
- You are a good father. Mark.
- But not the one he wants.
Sarah will help you
with anything you need.
- You ready?
- Yeah.
[sighs]
Okay. so how does this work?
What's the first thing you do?
Well. Sarah. I...
It's okay if I call you Sarah. right?
- [door closes]
- Yeah. sure.
Well. I think the first thing is.
you tell me why you're lying.
[sighs nervously]
- Lying? Mr. Shaw...
- Colter. please.
Colter. I don't know
what lie you're talking about.
Well. you told me you hadn't
spoken to Eddie since your divorce.
You also said he got arrested
for robbing a JUUL store.
and JUUL's a company
that didn't exist nine years ago.
I notice things. It's my job.
Should we look at Gil's room?
Uh. yeah. It's just up here.
I... I do talk to Eddie.
Not a lot. but sometimes.
A couple of weeks ago. he emailed.
said he'd cleaned up.
He was getting his life together.
He wanted to talk to Gil.
- You let him?
- I did.
Gil's always saying
how he misses his dad. you know.
How he wishes he'd gotten to know him.
so they've been texting.
I had no idea Eddie would take him.
[Colter] Sarah.
It's a camping trip.
It's about the only father-son thing
he ever managed.
- Do you mind if I take this?
- No.
And I'd love
a more recent shot of Gil.
Maybe a school photo
and his phone number.
I should have told Mark about Eddie.
about him wanting to contact Gil.
but I was afraid.
You're afraid.
Afraid he'd be upset? Become violent?
No. God. no.
Afraid it would break his heart.
Hang on. Let me get you that picture.
[Ashton] You're fine. Colter.
- You're A-okay.
- [breathing shakily]
Never let panic take the wheel.
[grunts softly]
Attaboy.
[cell phone vibrating]
- Yo! What's good?
- I need your help.
I'm great. Colter.
Thank you so much for asking.
Come on. Bobby. it's an emergency.
Yeah. it always is with you. isn't it?
I got a missing teenage boy.
Made a runner with his birth dad.
I need everything you can find.
- [man] You're late.
- Addresses. aliases. phone numbers.
- The name is Edward Brown.
- Couldn't find something more generic?
Guessing John Smith wasn't available.
You gonna bust my balls
or you gonna help me?
I'm still trying to decide.
The middle name is Monroe.
Was born somewhere in Indiana.
at least according to his ex.
All right. I can work with that.
Listen. I also need a text exchange
taken from a cell phone.
Can we do that
if we don't have the device?
Sure. Though it takes us
into a legal gray area.
- So that's gonna cost you double.
- Double? [laughs]
Do I need to remind you
that your sorry ass
wouldn't even be here
if it weren't for me?
Guessing you do have to remind me.
since you do it every time you call.
- Okay. fine. Double. You're the worst.
- Nope. The best.
It's why you keep calling.
[cell phone vibrates]
[Ashton] Come on.
We have to go. Let's go!
Russell.
[Dorion] You can't go without Mom.
[Ashton] You never contradict me!
[Russell] Hey!
[Colter] Dad!
[cell phone vibrates]
Okay. Eddie. Let's see
what you have to say for yourself.
[indistinct chatter]
Welcome to Burger Bin.
What can I get for you?
Oh. uh. nothing for me. thanks.
I was wondering if you could tell me
what time you guys open
on weekday mornings.
Uh. I don't know. man.
You don't...
You don't know when you open?
Do you want food?
Uh. how about the the security camera
by the drive thru window?
Do you know if that thing
stays on all night?
Dude. I don't know.
Look. I'm trying to help a family
find a missing child.
I would really love to look
at that footage if I could.
Hey. Patty?
Yeah. Hi.
Can this dude look at the camera
footage for the drive thru?
Oh. You know. I would have to check
with corporate on that.
And how long do you think
that would take?
I'm not sure. I'm sorry. Who are you?
You know what? Don't worry about it.
It's okay. I'm fine. Thank you.
What can I get for you?
Hey! Whoa! Sir! You can't be in there!
Excuse me! Excuse me!
Hi. Can you please help me?
Oh. thank goodness you're here.
He just barged right in there.
- Sir!
- Yeah. just a minute!
[Patty] He's in there.
- [officer] Come out of there.
- Hold on a sec.
[doorknob rattling]
- Come on. Come on.
- [knocking on door]
[officer] All right. buddy.
Come on out of there.
- [pounding on door]
- Yeah. one second.
- Hang on.
- [camera clicking]
- [pounding continues]
- [officer] Okay. pal. Long enough.
- Come out of there.
- I'll be right there.
- [Sarah on phone] Did you find him?
- Sarah. listen.
Sarah. I just sent you a photo.
- Did you look at it?
- Oh. God. What?
I need you to look at the...
Sarah. look at the photo.
- We're coming in.
- Just give me a minute.
[Sarah] Oh. my God.
- Do you know him?
- [Sarah] No! No. I don't.
- Stay where you are.
- The man who took Gil
is not his father.
[cell phone ringing]
- [barking]
- Oh!
Oh. what the hell?
No. guys!
- Chill out. It's not morning. [groans]
- [sighs]
- [ringing continues]
- Ugh. It's Colter.
Hey. Colter. Yeah?
- He's in jail. Yeah. hold on.
- What?
- [Velma] I got you. Let me get a pen.
- [groans]
All right? Yeah.
Hey. do we have a lawyer
we can get to the Pacific Northwest?
- Tonight?
- Of course. tonight.
Hold on. Colter. I got you.
- No. no. I got you.
- [Teddi] No.
All right. She wants another one.
- [dog whines]
- [groans]
[beeping]
Okay. Look. Officer Amini. right?
This is a bit of an overreaction.
don't you think?
- I got a little worked up.
- You resisted arrest.
Resisted? No. no.
I did not resist arrest.
I was... I was grudging.
I was somewhat grudging.
Turn to your right. please.
[camera shutter clicks]
This was after you broke
into the Burger Bin.
Oh. come on. I didn't break in.
Break in has
such a negative connotation.
Turn to your left.
You know. I'm working with a family
to help find a missing child.
So you said. You collect rewards.
right? A mercenary?
No. I prefer the term
"rewardist." actually.
Is that a term?
Look. you need to
watch that footage that I found.
That boy thought he was
meeting his father.
That wasn't his father.
We need to find the man on that video.
I'm sorry. uh... Are you giving me
instructions right now?
Because it sounded like
you were giving me instructions.
No. I'm not. Yes. maybe I...
Time is of the essence. you know?
Why do you care?
I mean. you found the tape. right?
So if and when the child gets rescued.
that information will lead
to his safe return.
- Yeah. so?
- So you'll get your money.
That's what you care about. right?
- [sighs]
- [officer] Let's go.
Hey. when can I make bail?
When the county brings charges.
Thursday. maybe.
Thursday?
[door buzzes shut]
Okay. Well. thanks. Sam.
No. I understand. Yeah.
No. thanks. Frank.
Sorry about that. [scoffs]
- Frank Davis can't do it?
- He's dead.
- That was Frank Junior.
- [scoffs]
- [cell phone rings]
- Oh!
Reenie! How are ya?
- [mouthing]
- Yeah. You guessed it. Colter.
- Mmm-hmm.
- [continues mouthing]
Hold on. Reenie. One sec!
- What's wrong with you?
- We can't send Reenie Greene.
- He'll kill us. Come on.
- What? Why?
That's great. Reenie. Check your email
in five minutes. okay?
All right. Bye.
He is seriously gonna kill us.
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. my God.
- Reenie!
- [Reenie] No.
- What?
- You don't get to talk to me.
Aren't you my lawyer?
Morning. My name is Reenie Greene.
I'm representing the pathological
narcissist in that cell over there.
I'm supposed to
get him out. but honestly.
I don't know how to feel about it.
- Reenie.
- Mmm-mmm. No talking.
[chuckles] See. we have known each
other for more than a few years now.
this handsome idiot and I.
But the last time I saw him.
I'd hauled my ass across the country
to lovely Akron. Ohio.
where I successfully argued him
out of a witness-tampering charge.
which. maybe you don't know. isn't
exactly Trial Lawyering for Dummies.
And then something happened.
It was different.
You know. we go to dinner.
the wine is flowing...
You know the score.
You're a man of the world. And then.
guess who sneaks off in the night
like a guilty frat boy?
Can I please just add
a little bit of context?
No. This was after
I'd made it very clear to him.
while everyone's pants were still on.
that this was a high-class.
Harvard Law-level bitch
he was dealing with.
not some backcountry
doe-eyed sweetheart.
Reenie. I had work.
A woman had been abducted
from her hospital bed.
- Shut it.
- Then my phone runs out of juice
- and I'm stuck...
- Okay. [chuckles]
I think maybe I'll just get going.
No. Reenie. Wait.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I apologize.
Not accepted.
So you're not gonna get me a hearing?
I just came from the hearing.
- What?
- My cousin Angela's ex-boyfriend
clerks for a judge
on the Klamath Superior Court.
and she got us in
first thing this morning.
[door buzzes open]
- So I'm free to go?
- [Reenie] Mmm-hmm.
I'll let you know
when there's a court date.
I should be in town
a couple days at least.
Oh.
- You want me to swing by?
- Oh. my God. No.
I'm gonna visit the Air Force Museum
in Pine Grove.
get something fun for my dad.
'cause I was an Air Force brat.
- Grew up on bases all over the world.
- No kidding. I didn't know that.
Yeah. well. why would you?
You never asked.
[cell phone vibrating]
You're out. How are you out?
Did you watch the video
from the drive thru?
I did. Yes.
And you are correct.
The kidnapper is not Eddie Brown.
- So you put an APB...
- I put out an APB on the guy.
Good. And Gil's bike?
It was in a dumpster on Lincoln.
and we're checking it for prints.
- What about the family?
- I'm sorry?
Did you send an officer
over to the house?
Make sure everyone's
comfortable and safe?
They got another kid there.
No. Um... Yes. that would be kind.
[scoffs] I'm surprised.
Surprised that I'm good at this?
Me being just a mercenary and all?
Honestly. I'm surprised
that you give a damn.
I know everything
you're thinking right now.
Just tread carefully.
That's all I'm gonna say.
[clears throat]
Dude. I called you like 1000 times.
I thought this was important.
- I was in jail.
- Oh. anything fun?
Broke into a fast food restaurant.
barricaded myself in the office.
Sounds about right.
Did you find Eddie Brown or not?
I did. Just a heads up.
There's no way this guy took that kid.
Yeah. I already figured that out.
Someone's impersonating him. Who knows
him well enough to trick his kid.
Correction. "Knew."
- I'm sorry. what?
- Someone who knew him well enough.
Edward Brown's
been dead for six months.
We don't love the term
'half-way house.' Mr. Shaw.
It's a Residential Reentry Center.
These men are here because
the state says they have to be.
as a condition of their release.
Gentlemen? A visitor.
[Milton] Eddie? Yeah.
Everybody knew Eddie.
Guy spent enough time here.
We used to call him the Mayor.
[chuckles] Yeah. the Mayor of Nowhere.
I remember last time
he checked out of here.
Said he said he was never
gonna touch nothing again.
Three days later.
he was dead from an overdose.
What about him?
That's Jack Horvath.
Nasty piece of work. right there.
- He know Eddie?
- I said everybody knew Eddie.
Any reason this Jack Horvath
would want to kidnap Eddie's son?
He impersonated Eddie.
then he snatched the kid.
It's that damn money.
Yo.
- Yeah. that's it.
- Yeah.
What money?
Oh. it's a story Eddie liked to tell.
You know. every once in a while.
he'd get onto it.
How when he finally got back
out on the street.
he'd go dig up his money.
[both laughing]
We'd kinda rib him. like.
"What money?"
He said he had
a couple hundred thousand
from some drug deal he got in on.
He'd buried the cash up in. um...
Where was it?
Sun Pass State Forest.
Like some meadow up there.
- [Fred] Yeah.
- But there's no money.
Yeah. But he said he'd buried
it in a special spot.
he'd never forget where.
because he'd been there
on the best day of his life.
the day he took his boy camping.
Monitoring stations show Horvath's
pickup entering Sun Pass at 4:45 p.m.
on Friday.
Presumably. he's still up there with
Gil looking for this buried cash.
State police are ready to go in
and get your son.
Sun Pass has gotta be 20.000 acres.
- How will you find him?
- We've got helicopters. sir.
We've got plenty of trained officers.
- We'll find him.
- No.
The show of force is the wrong move.
Not only does this guy have a history
of violence and instability.
By now. he's exhausted and confused.
Who are you? Who is this?
- He's a rewardist.
- A what?
You never corner a dangerous animal.
You go in guns blazing.
there's no telling what the hell
this guy's gonna do.
I'll go in there.
I'll quietly track them.
I'll get Gil out of harm's way
without the danger
and unnecessary risk
of an armed response.
Yeah. but you don't know
where they are.
I think I do. actually.
Do you know where this is?
- Yeah.
- [state investigator] Okay. hold on.
We're not making any decisions
based on the input
of some treasure hunter.
We wouldn't have gotten this far
if it wasn't for Colter.
- Right?
- Yes.
Can we do it his way?
You get two hours.
Not one minute more.
So. I gotta know.
How does a person
become a reward seeker?
It's a steady living.
Everyone's looking for something.
That's what you say. isn't it?
That's your clever.
charming little line
you use whenever somebody asks.
But it doesn't actually
answer the question. does it?
Come on. Why spend your life on
the road solving stranger's problems?
My childhood was. um. unusual.
Both my parents were professors
at Berkeley.
until there was this incident
with my dad.
Not something
that gets explained to a kid.
So he took us to live off the grid.
This cabin.
It was a compound. actually
by the Sierra National Forest.
It was. uh... It was an adventure.
And my dad.
I don't know. he started to
talk about these people
that were out to get him.
About how we all had to be prepared.
He taught us how to track.
how to hunt.
He taught us to free climb at
this place he called Devil's Notch.
And one night. my mom was out.
[thunder cracks]
I was 15. Russell had just turned 18.
My sister. Dory. was nine.
We have to go. Now. guys.
- They're coming.
- What? Who's coming?
- [Ashton] Let's go.
- Where are we going?
Get your go bags. You know what to do.
- But Mom's not here.
- She'll find us. hon.
We can't go without Mom.
You never contradict me! Never!
- [Dorion screams]
- Hey. get off her!
Dad!
[breathing heavily]
[Ashton] I'm sorry.
I'm so stupid. It's me they want.
- I'll go.
- Dad!
Dad. wait!
- [Russell] Let him go. Colter.
No!
It's better off if he never
comes back.
He's getting worse. man. You know it.
We'd be better off if he died.
How could you say that?
Okay. You stay here with Dory.
I'll get him.
My mom got home an hour later.
They still weren't back.
so I went out to find my father.
[Amini] But you couldn't find him.
It was dark and you were just a kid.
and despite all the training
he gave you.
you couldn't track him
and he disappeared.
And that's why you've spent
the rest of your life
helping other people
find what they lost.
No. I did.
I found him.
[thunder rumbling]
Oh.
- Hey. Colter.
- We're here.
- Up the road about a mile and a half.
- [gun cocks]
Hey. Colter.
Be careful.
[♪ tense music playing]
Gil. Gil.
- [gasps]
- I'm Colter. Your parents sent me.
Sent me to get you home safe. okay?
- Really?
- Yeah.
- [Jack] Hands up! Drop the gun!
- On your knees now.
- Jack. right? You're Jack?
- It's okay. You okay? I'm okay.
- Yeah.
Put your hands behind your head.
Do it.
I know how you're feeling.
You're pissed. right?
This kid brings you out here.
supposed to show you
some special place
where Eddie buried the money.
You're out here digging for a couple
of days now. right? [scoffs]
The truth's starting to dawn on you.
There's no money.
You did all this for nothing.
- Who the hell are you?
- I'm not the law.
That's the important thing.
This right here. this is kidnapping.
You know that. right?
Kidnapping. Plus. the use of a weapon
in the commission of a felony.
You get caught. you're never
gonna see the light of day.
But here's the good news.
The good news is. the cops gave me
two hours before they storm the park.
Right now. I'm gonna peek at my watch.
- Yeah? Okay.
- Okay.
Oh. it's good. Jack.
We're in good shape.
We've got a half hour.
So?
So here's the plan. okay? You're gonna
give me the key to the cuffs.
I take Gil and I go
and you get the hell out of here
before the cavalry arrives.
I need him as a hostage.
He's all I got.
Well. what if he gets hurt?
Jack. what if he dies?
Now we're talking murder. Come on.
Give me the key and go
while you still have the half hour.
You think I could make it?
I think if you leave now.
you got a five to ten percent chance
of making it out of here
free and clear.
But if the cops show up. Jack.
and you've got a gun
pointed to that kid's head.
there's 100% chance
you wind up in custody.
Or even worse. in the ground.
Come on. Jack. Give me the key.
Come on.
Good. Good.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
[Colter] All right.
Let's get you out of here.
[helicopter blades whirring]
Son of a bitch.
[whimpering]
- You tricked me.
- Whoa. whoa! Wait. What? [grunts]
[groans]
[engine starts]
I had a half an hour!
I had half an hour!
[helicopter blades whirring]
[groans]
[grunts]
- You all right?
- Yeah.
Hold on tight.
[siren wailing]
Stay down.
- Come out with your hands raised.
- [helicopter blades whirring]
It's over. Jack.
It's done.
Yeah. Yeah. I know.
- [gunshot]
- [winces]
- [Colter] Stay down. Stay down.
- Need back up.
[both grunting]
You okay?
- [Gil] Yeah.
- Yeah.
Okay. We're gonna be okay.
It's gonna be a while. though.
They gotta land that helicopter.
or they gotta get boats in the water.
Either way. we're looking at
about half an hour.
That's if this truck doesn't slide
off of here in the meantime.
Are you a strong swimmer?
- So-so.
So-so's okay.
Uh. I'm a pretty strong swimmer.
The thing is. I got shot.
I'm losing a lot of blood. which means
I'm losing a lot of strength.
Pretty soon it's gonna be
impossible for me to swim.
- so if we let go now...
- Let go?
If we let go right now.
I give my odds of swimming us both
to safety about 95%.
The longer we wait.
the lower those odds get.
You trust me?
- Okay.
We let go on three.
- Gotta be brave. all right?
- Okay.
One. two. three.
[Gil screaming]
[Gil gasping]
Hey. I got antsy. all right?
Sorry you got clipped.
And what about the kid
that almost got killed?
You sorry about that?
- [Sarah chuckles]
- Hey.
Hey.
This is for you.
- You earned it. Colter.
- Thank you.
Thank you. Actually. though.
I just came by to check on Gil.
How you doing. pal?
My father's dead.
Yeah.
Mine. too. actually.
But. hey. you have something
that I didn't.
Got a hell of a stepdad here.
Heck. Sorry.
Heck of a stepdad. You got a lot of
good people around you.
Lean on the people you got.
[cell phone vibrating]
Oh. [mutters]
- Y'all be good.
- [Sarah] Thank you.
- Hey.
- [Reenie] You are one lucky guy.
Whatever you did on this case.
the locals no longer
want your head on a pike.
You're free to go.
That's great. That's great news.
- Listen. Reenie. I just want to say...
- Save it. honey.
You know what the problem with you is.
Colter Shaw?
You're so damn interesting.
and most of the work I do is not.
That. my friend.
is the problem with you.
- Thank you?
- Just tell your two wranglers
that next time. I'm first on the list.
- [door closes]
- [cell phone vibrating]
All right. your turn.
- My turn for what?
- Origin story.
How does a woman like you
become a cop?
- What?
- Shut up.
- [Velma sighs]
- What's wrong?
I was too late.
Somebody already adopted Pawla.
Isn't that a shame?
You know what? Don't gloat. Teddi.
That's just mean.
[yips and whines]
Oh. my God.
- You didn't.
- You're trouble. I can see it.
Oh. my God.
- [gasps] I love you so much.
- I love you too.
- [Velma] Thank you.
- Okay.
- It's really... It's too many dogs.
- No.
- No such thing.
- [Teddi] Check this out.
I got something for our boy.
[cell phone vibrating]
Ooh! Who's your friend?
Uh. hold on a second.
[sighs] So. listen. um...
I know.
All right. What do we got?
Dr. Sam Lookingbill.
42-year-old cardiologist
and father of three
missing from his clinic
in Colorado Springs since Monday.
Dad!
Russell! What did you do?
[Mary] Colter.
Oh! Well. I wish I'd known
you were coming.
Mom.
What is it? What happened?
Russell called.
You spoke with your brother?
No. I ignored him.
But he's not gonna quit.
I was wondering
if he reached out to you. too.
No. No.
He said there's something
I need to know.
Mom. if there's something
that you know about Russell or Dad
that I should know.
I need you to tell me.
And I need you to trust me.
Block that number. Ignore him.
- Mom.
- Colter. listen to me.
I have asked very little of you
over the years.
Leave it be.
For everyone's sake.
Now. come on. Come on inside
and have something to eat.
I don't suppose
you're able to stay the night?
I gotta get to Colorado Springs.
Yeah.